who you who don't watch this show
regularly and I'm gonna assume that's
pretty much everyone watching right now
we have a tradition here every night at
the end of the show I bump Matt Damon
I thank the guests and I say my
apologies to Matt Damon we ran at a time
it's a joke or at least I thought it was
a joke until I found out via music video
that my girlfriend Sarah Silverman and
Matt Damon were intentionally having sex
with each other take a look
[Music]
she's Matt Damon I'm not
almost 8 million people have seen that
on abc.com and YouTube alone is it's
bigger than that fat kid with the
lightsaber and needless to say I was
humiliated I was angry but I'm not the
kind of guy to get to push it around so
I went into my cave and I plotted my
revenge and I'll tell you you taking
Cleo knows this you take something I
love for me you could damn well bet I'm
gonna take something you love from you
too and that's exactly what I did
Matt Sara this is for you
oh hi Sara
it's been a long time I guess you've
been busy with Matt Damon I've been busy
too I've been thinking about us and you
and him I'm happy for you I really am
the break I make the sexiest man alive I
found somebody pretty sexy too
I don't know if you've heard but hey
Sara he's got bigger tits excuse me is
someone here Ben Affleck great sign here
thank you
congratulations on Ben Affleck
[Applause]
what you wish for
[Music]
I can't stop
the man-crush friend man it's wheel
we are home man
[Music]
[Applause]